Programs

SET 1
1.	Develop a Java Program to display the details of bank account using Class.
2.	Develop a Java Program to check whether a number is palindrome or not.
3.	Develop a Java Program to find factorial of a number using recursion.
4.	Construct a Java class to store some employee details and provide methods to set and
    get values.
5.	Develop a Java program to implement Stack operations using constructor.

SET 2
6.	Develop a java program to find area of a circle,square and rectangle using method 
    overloading.
7.	Develop a Java program to display Fibonacci series with and without recursion using 
    method overloading.
8.	Develop a Java program using constructor overloading to display student details.
9.  Create a class distance with data members feet and inches. It contains a default 
    constructor and a parameterized constructor and three methods setdistance, showdistance
    and convertdistance. The convert distance function converts the distance in feet and
    inches into cm, Develop a java program to implement this scenario.

SET 3
10. Develop a Java program to read and print students data using inheritance.
    Class person: name, age, gender 
    Class student( inherits from person): mark1, mark2, mark3, total marks, grade.
11. Suppose your institution wishes to maintain a database of its employees. The database 
    is divided into a number of classes  (Assistant Professor, Associate Professor, 
    Professor etc). Construct a Super Class Person to store personal information. Derive 
    all the above classes from the Class. Develop a Java program to specify all the classes 
    and define functions to create the database and retrieve individual information as and 
    when required. Support at least 5 employees on each category.
12. Develop a java program to create an abstract class named Shape that contains two 
    integers and an empty method named printArea(). Provide three classes named 
    Rectangle, Triangle and Circle such that each one of the classes extends the class 
    Shape. Each one of the classes contain only the method printArea( ) that prints the 
    area of the given shape.

SET 4
13. Construct a Stack Class with proper exception handling mechanisms. While doing a 
    Pop operation, if the stack is empty then display an error message. While doing a 
    Push operation, if the stack is full then display corresponding error message. 
14. Develop a java program that implements a multi-thread application that has three 
    threads. First thread generates random integer for every 1 second and if the value is 
    even, second thread computes the square of the number and prints and if the value is 
    odd, the third thread will print the value of cube of the number.

Cycle 5
15. Develop a java program to create a login page using AWT.
16. Develop a program that creates a user interface to perform integer divisions. The user 
    enters two numbers in the text fields, Num1 and Num2. The division of Num1 and 
    Num2 is displayed in the Result field when the Divide button is clicked. If Num1 or 
    Num2 were not an integer, the program would throw a NumberFormatException. If 
    Num2 were Zero, the program would throw an Arithmetic Exception Display the 
    exception in a message dialog box
17. Develop a Java program that works as a simple calculator using SWING. Use a grid 
    layout to arrange buttons for the digits and for the +, -,*, % operations. Add a text 
    field to display the result. Handle any possible exceptions like divide by zero. 
